well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so today we're gonna talk
about a slogan a statement a talking
point on ode to call it one of those
things get said over and over again when
people really don't know what to say and
like many other talking points when it
gets used over and over again people
forget the subtext they forget the quiet
part the part that's not said and I I
keep hearing this this statement over
and over and over again it it doesn't
seem like anybody is acknowledging the
part that comes before you know they've
got this great point but they're not
acknowledging what has to happen before
in order for this to be true and I think
it's really important that we take a
look at that because it's the most
important part of the statement tell me
if you've heard this
well these businesses they're not going
to go back to those neighborhoods
because they know it's going to happen
again they know it's gonna happen again
which part which part are we talking
about here are we talking about the
fires covered by insurance is that what
we're talking about they know that's
gonna happen again and it might yeah but
what you're saying is that is such a
certainty that they're making economic
decisions based on it okay what about
the stuff that comes before in order for
the fires to happen again all that other
stuff has to happen again
so when you make this argument be very
aware that what you're really saying
deep down is that hey app I want unarmed
people that's just the cost of doing
business in those neighborhoods and
let's be real clear what are those
neighborhoods it's full of people who
look like me if it was people that look
like me would you maybe have a different
attitude towards it that is a horrible
argument you are saying with certainty
that it's going to happen again so much
so that you don't blame businesses for
making financial decisions based on that
idea and that the concern is the money
not the people but the money we might
really want to think about that maybe
that's something we should like be
demanding change we don't have to accept
this it doesn't have to be this way
[Music]
and let's be real honest these big
companies like that what do they do in
these neighborhoods pay people just
above poverty of wages and extract all
the wealth out of them they can maybe
it's better if they don't go back maybe
it's better if all of those people who
are so concerned about the shopping
choices of those people in those
neighborhoods
maybe the fund could be put together
help some investments help the people in
those neighborhoods get some means
because I bet if they have some money
well maybe it wouldn't be such a
certainty that you know bad things are
gonna happen to them and nobody's going
to be held accountable so often that it
comes to the breaking point again
maybe if they had some money maybe they
could get some representation maybe it
wouldn't be so likely it's gonna happen
again it's a certainty it is a certainty
when you make that statement understand
you're completely acknowledging the
problem you can no longer pretend that
it doesn't have to do with race because
it's those neighborhoods even though
this stuff happened all over town it's
those neighborhoods those are the ones
they're not going to go back to because
they don't want to be close to where it
happens
we should probably think about this a
lot it really might be time for for the
angel investors of the world to help out
the people in those neighborhoods put
them in a situation where they have the
economic means to demand change because
it's very clear that money is what
matters not a pile of people money
that's the talking point not that not
that it's so certain that it's going to
happen again and that it's it's a
tragedy that it's going to happen again
and that it's something we need to fix
because it's gonna happen again but
because there's gonna be a loss of money
anyway it's just a fall y'all have a
good night